~~ Description: ~~
The free repair manual! Thousands of how-to guides make it easy to repair your
stuff. Fix your own things with step-by-step repair instructions.

► Our native iPad view is the best way to repair anything.

Explore inside thousands of devices—before you take yours apart. Need more
detail on a step? Zoom into high resolution images to see all the fine details!

► Parts Store: buy parts and tools right in the app!

● Included Devices ●
Repair manuals show you how to fix:
✓ MacBook Repair
✓ MacBook Pro Repair
✓ PowerBook & iBook Repair
✓ iPad Repair
✓ iPhone Repair
✓ iPod Repair
✓ Xbox Repair
✓ PlayStation Repair
✓ PC Laptop Repair
✓ Dozens of digital camera repair manuals
✓ Hundreds of cell phone repair manuals
✓ Harley Davidson Repair
✓ Honda Accord Repair
✓ More manuals added every week

● Praise from the Press ●

"Empowers you to fix things yourself. From troubleshooting to parts and tools,
to repair guides, they have your back."
— TreeHugger

"Demonstrates the old-fashioned virtue of repair and extending the lifespan of
devices."
— Reuters

"The robots of the future will see this and murder us all. Thanks iFixit.
Thanks a lot."
— Engadget

"Illustrated repair guides that take you step by step through the process."
— Dallas Morning News

● Testimonials ●

"You guys rule and have saved me many many times. Thank you!"
– Ralph in North Carolina

"I love your repair guides. You've saved me hundreds of dollars over the last
few years."
– David in Maryland

"Great, clean and easy to navigate.'
– Serge in New Brunswick

"Shipping time was superb. I will come back to your store the next time I am
looking for parts. THANK YOU VERY MUCH!"
–Ramia in Nebraska

"Quick and straightforward."
– Owen in New York

"The installation went smoothly thanks to your excellent guides. We got my
son's MacBook Pro running and saved $$$$$."
–Christopher in New Mexico

● Support iFixit ●

Help us keep these manuals free. We keep the lights on by selling parts and
tools. If you use our manual to fix something, please support our work by
buying the parts from us.

We sell thousands of MacBook, iPod, iPhone, iPad and game console parts, as
well as electronics repair tools.

This app is open source! You can improve or fork it here:
https://github.com/iFixit

~~ Whats new in this version? ~~
● Improved offline browsing — save guides for access when you don't have a
network connection!
● Additional login options — you can now sign in with Google or Yahoo!
